hello reduction today and today we're
going to actually do a tutorial yes it's
my first tutorial and I'm gonna do it by
how you can play fifa on the PC or what
you what you can do to play it on PC so
first of all of course you have to buy
the game have it here on Origin and I'm
sorry I got everything in Swedish yes
that you know but that won't matter
doesn't much first of all you're
searching Google motion joy I will leave
a link if I remember hit it
press the Downloads and you search fun
yes this one I don't know if you work
with Windows 8 actually yes it does yes
it does I had all my other computer so
appreciate site 1 start downloading a
zip file who you need winner of this if
you don't know winner or what it is get
such winrar download and then you find
your language and if you are 64 32 bit
if you have a good computer you mostly
64 if you have a pretty bad 38:32 works
on both so it's not a problem
download that and then you will open it
up like this you get a XE file that you
just can press on install this I'm gonna
actually put it to my gaming memory
right there next create a desktop icon
you can do what I want
install and there we go so I got it down
here and you always get our help box
with some shiny stuff I don't really
know why but here we are in the program
what you're going to learn is going on
in mind what you're gonna do first is of
course get your controller and then
you're gonna connect it with your oh I
shouldn't hold up my keyboard
absent so good yeah that were you are
gonna do first of course is to get your
sorter for that people you get your p3
controller or Xbox it work with both and
you got I have peace three so I don't
really know how to do with Xbox but any
of you connects is really connected with
the the one you'll recharge your p3
controller with USB just plug it in so
I'm gonna plug it in there my computer
you first
there have it as you can see here
DualShock 3 6 X's this is only work if
it's a legit ps3 controller not like a
fake round or one you made at home if
you turn it around you can see if it's
real if you turn it around you see a
serial number on the p3 so what you're
gonna do now because this doesn't work
actually you're going to try a manager
yo means yes here we are
call the wait here we got it put your
hashtag down another go for pong table
laughter I got a little a lot too
you're gonna check that box in press
load Drive and then we wait and here we
are
instant driver slick and in select
device device install paradigms I'm just
bugs me yeah and here you have it
completed so you don't have to read that
I'm sure and back to profile now you got
it on then have to change to xbox360
controller even if you have a
Playstation 3 dad because like the stick
not going to work with PC to 3 you have
to go with arrows you can't play finish
up with arrows now it doesn't work so
Xbox 360 you can go options in can
change whatever you want
it's they are good right away but I
think
this one should be something oh no they
are down there I think it's good if you
want you can scroll down your compost if
you just wanna shake this is all good so
there we go so if you go back leave that
leave that side if you will span enable
a couple times and press fiber and
testing you hear that it's working
you can choose pattering for me so
custom it doesn't really matter it's how
you like it
I have it on but just Spencer enable
don't don't don't
stinkies don't close this program
program because it doesn't work so
minimize that and then we start FIFA I'm
not gonna show you that but you start
FIFA and you're good to go good go so we
like if you enjoy it really helps me out
and subscribe to your own deducting
today and I say like Sam
you